DX-978: Add Payment Menu section (#444)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-orders-resource.md

## Step 1: Create Payment Order

We start by performing a `POST` request towards the `paymentorder` resource
with the payer information, such as `consumerProfileRef`.
Remember to read up on our [URL resource][urls].

{% include alert-risk-indicator.md %}

{% include payment-url.md payment_order=true
when="selecting the payment instrument Vipps or in the 3-D Secure verification
for Credit Card Payments" %}

### Request

> {% include payment-order-purchase.md %}

Reviewer: `payment-order-purchase.md` contains mentions of `consumerProfileRef` which is not relevant for Payment Menu.

| `operations`   | `array`  | The array of possible operations to perform, given the state of the payment order. |

The `paymentorder` object is abbreviated since it's just the `id` and
`operations` we are interested in. Store the `id` of the Payment Order
in your system to look up status on the completed payment later.

Then find the `view-paymentorder` operation and embed its `href` in a
`<script>` element.
That script will then load the Seamless View for the Payment Menu. We will look
into how to hook that up next.

{% include alert.html type="informative" icon="info" body=" `orderReference` must
be sent as a part of the `POST` request to `paymentorders` and must represent
the order ID of the webshop or merchant website." %}

## Step 2: Display the Payment Menu

To load the payment menu from the JavaScript URL obtained in the back end API
response, it needs to be set as a `script` element's `src` attribute. You can
cause a page reload and do this with static HTML or you can avoid the page
refresh by invoking the POST to create the payment order through Ajax and then
create the script element with JavaScript, all inside the event handler for

> [`onConsumerIdentified`][technical-reference-onconsumer-identified].

Reviewer: We should have no mention of `onConsumerIdentified` or other Checkin-related events and data in the Payment Menu integration.

The HTML code will be unchanged in this example.

{:.code-header}
**JavaScript**

```js
var request = new XMLHttpRequest();
request.addEventListener('load', function () {
    // We will assume that our own backend returns the
    // exact same as what SwedbankPay returns.
    response = JSON.parse(this.responseText);
    var script = document.createElement('script');
    // This assumes the operations from the response of the POST of the
    // payment order is returned verbatim from the server to the Ajax:
    var operation = response.operations.find(function (o) {
        return o.rel === 'view-consumer-identification';
    });
    script.setAttribute('src', operation.href);
    script.onload = function () {
        payex.hostedView.consumer({
            // The container specifies which id the script will look for
            // to host the checkin component
            container: 'checkin',

>             onConsumerIdentified: function onConsumerIdentified(consumerIdentifiedEvent) {

Reviewer: `onConsumerIdentified` is not in use when not doing Checkin. We need to rewrite this entire code example to work with Payment Menu.

                request.setRequestHeader('Content-Type', 'application/json; charset=utf-8');
                // In this example, we send the entire Consumer Identified Event Argument
                // Object as JSON to the server, as it contains the consumerProfileRef.
                request.send(JSON.stringify(consumerIdentifiedEvent));
            },
            onShippingDetailsAvailable: function onShippingDetailsAvailable(shippingDetailsAvailableEvent) {
                console.log(shippingDetailsAvailableEvent);
            }
        }).open();
    };
    // Appending the script to the head
    var head = document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0];
    head.appendChild(script);
});
// Place in your own API endpoint here.
request.open('POST', '<Your-Backend-Endpoint-Here>', true);
request.setRequestHeader('Content-Type', 'application/json; charset=utf-8');
// We send in the previously mentioned request here to the checkin endpoint.
request.send(JSON.stringify({
    operation: 'initiate-consumer-session',
    language: 'sv-SE',
    shippingAddressRestrictedToCountryCodes : ['NO', 'SE']
}));
```

This should bring up the Payment Menu in a Seamless View. It should look like

> this, depending on whether the payer is logged in (top) or a guest user (bottom):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this, depending on whether the payer is identified (top) or a guest user (bottom):
```

{:.text-center}
![Payment Menu with payer logged in and card payment opened][login-payment-menu-image]{:width="450" height="900"}

{:.text-center}
![Payment Menu with guest payer and card payment opened][guest-payment-menu-image]{:width="450" height="850"}

When the consumer completes the payment, the Payment Menu script will be
signaled and a full redirect to the `completeUrl` sent in with the
Payment Order will be performed. When the `completeUrl` on your server is hit,
you can inspect the status on the stored `paymentorder.id` on the server, and
then perform `capture`.
If the payment is a `Sale` or one-phase purchase, it will be automatically
captured. A third scenario is if the goods are sent
physically to the payer; then you should await capture until after the
goods have been sent.

You may open and close the payment menu using `.open()` and `.close()`
functions. You can also invoke `.refresh()` to
[update the Payment Menu][payment-order-operations] after any changes to the
order.

Below, you will see a complete overview of the payment menu process.
Notice that there are two ways of performing the payment:

> * Consumer perform payment **out** of `iframe`.

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[list-item-indent] Incorrect list-item indent: add 2 spaces](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

                Payer ->>+ Merchant: Check payment status
                deactivate Payer
                Merchant ->>+ SwedbankPay: GET {paymentorder.id}
                deactivate Merchant
                SwedbankPay -->>+ Merchant: rel: failed-paymentorder
                deactivate SwedbankPay
                opt Get PaymentOrder Details (if failed-paymentorder operation exist)
                activate Payer
                deactivate Payer
                Merchant ->>+ SwedbankPay: GET rel: failed-paymentorder
                deactivate Merchant
                SwedbankPay -->> Merchant: Payment Details
                deactivate SwedbankPay
                end
                end
        activate Merchant
        Merchant -->>- Payer: Show Purchase complete
            opt PaymentOrder Callback (if callbackUrls is set)
            activate Payer
            deactivate Payer
                SwedbankPay ->> Merchant: POST Payment Callback
            end
            end
```

[guest-payment-menu-image]: /assets/img/checkout/guest-payment-menu-450x850.png
[login-payment-menu-image]: /assets/img/checkout/logged-in-payment-menu-450x900.png

> [order-items]: #order-items

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

[payee-reference]: /payment-menu/other-features#payee-reference
[payment-menu]: #payment-menu

> [payment-order-capture]: /payment-menu/after-payment#capture

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

[payment-order-operations]: /payment-menu/after-payment#operations

> [payment-order]: #payment-orders

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [paymentorder-items]: #items

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

[settlement-and-reconciliation]: /payment-menu/other-features#settlement-and-reconciliation

> [split-settlement]: /payment-menu/other-features#split-settlement

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

                Payer ->>+ Merchant: Check payment status
                deactivate Payer
                Merchant ->>+ SwedbankPay: GET {paymentorder.id}
                deactivate Merchant
                SwedbankPay -->>+ Merchant: rel: failed-paymentorder
                deactivate SwedbankPay
                opt Get PaymentOrder Details (if failed-paymentorder operation exist)
                activate Payer
                deactivate Payer
                Merchant ->>+ SwedbankPay: GET rel: failed-paymentorder
                deactivate Merchant
                SwedbankPay -->> Merchant: Payment Details
                deactivate SwedbankPay
                end
                end
        activate Merchant
        Merchant -->>- Payer: Show Purchase complete
            opt PaymentOrder Callback (if callbackUrls is set)
            activate Payer
            deactivate Payer
                SwedbankPay ->> Merchant: POST Payment Callback
            end
            end
```

[guest-payment-menu-image]: /assets/img/checkout/guest-payment-menu-450x850.png
[login-payment-menu-image]: /assets/img/checkout/logged-in-payment-menu-450x900.png

> [order-items]: #order-items

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [order-items]: #order-items

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payee-reference]: /payment-menu/other-features#payee-reference

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-menu]: #payment-menu

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order-capture]: /payment-menu/after-payment#capture

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

[payment-order-operations]: /payment-menu/after-payment#operations

> [payment-order]: #payment-orders

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [paymentorder-items]: #items

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [paymentorder-items]: #items

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [paymentorder-items]: #items

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [settlement-and-reconciliation]: /payment-menu/other-features#settlement-and-reconciliation

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [split-settlement]: /payment-menu/other-features#split-settlement

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

[technical-reference-onconsumer-identified]: /payment-menu/checkin#step-2-display-swedbank-pay-checkin-module
[urls]: /payment-menu/other-features#urls-resource

> [user-agent]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_agent

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [user-agent]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_agent

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)
